hi everyone as you can see I'm looking
at my vizio tv which I got a couple of
years ago and even though it's a 42 inch
TV in the corner of the room it's
looking pretty small now so for playing
games like in black ops the screen area
isn't that massive and I was thinking
about replacing it with a new 60 or 70
inch TV however since it's a 3d TV I
thought about getting a new 3d TV to
replace it with and while researching
needs I seen some people talking about
Samuel view on the sony bravia range and
any made me think that over two years
ago to make playing these games more fun
why I did is I took one in a pair of
with your glasses
that's one sir and it says user and I
swapped the lens out from each side and
I have to be trimmed a little bit but
what that allows you to do is van press
free D on a TV selected for top/bottom
now when you look at one screen you can
see I believe this is the bottom then he
shows the image and Mon is how to focus
on news with obviously stereo glasses
with a mono camera if the other player
logs to the touch screen this is your
Matias so you get to totally full screen
images which you can't see your players
and they can't see your screen so
there's no cheat and he makes a game a
whole lot better to play and it's not
free D well like I said you get in an
effective sim you on your cheaper vizio
tv now one thing I would recommend is if
you make these and like I said I get V
is over two years ago I made some
glasses for some other people
and here on these first ones I made
which are going to be shoddy now is I
just took one lens out of the more
expensive glasses and the cheaper ones
and then swap them over
however the glasses are really cheap to
buy on eBay so I would do is buy a
couple of the expensive ones which are
about five bucks each a couple of the
small ones which are about four dollars
each and these lenses on the small ones
a bigger event a more expensive ones and
they're thinner so you can easily cook
them out and then pop them in place on
these ones now it is a tiny little
corner where you want to fill the whole
glasses there in the corner but for
playing it's all works perfectly fine
and for less than 20 bucks you have
yourself a Samuel view effect TV where
it is absolutely freakin awesome to play
any makes multiplayer on games like this
so much more personal because like I
said to you a person cannot see what you
are doing so hope you enjoyed